[WIP] concepts: move from previous docs to new section, etc. (#1944)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/concepts/data-pipelines.md

---
name: 'Data Pipelines'
match: ['data pipeline', 'pipeline', 'pipelines']
tooltip: >-
  A [data pipeline](/doc/user-guide/concepts/data-pipelines) is a series of data
  processing stages, chained by their outputs and inputs. They use some initial
  data, may produce intermediate artifacts, and reach a final result.
description: >-
  In DVC, a data pipeline is a series of data processing stages. A pipeline may

>   produce intermediate data, and has a final result.

Reviewer: - No need for "In DVC" I think
- Maybe use "They use some initial data, may produce intermediate artifacts, and reach a final result" (text I used in the tooltip)
- What key terms are we emphasizing?
- Has there been a SEO research on existing terms (per the GSoD project proposal)? E.g. I suspect "workfow" could be a good term to incorporate here (not just in the SEO desc but in the content).

Author: Updated the description with your suggestions. 

The existing terms to focus on are listed in the HTML comment, and I've added some more around "workflow" that I verified in search console (good idea).

Terms in the description have no direct impact on ranking, but the clickthrough ratio does. So for the description we should be doing our best to improve clickthrough (looking at terms with most potential). Based on DVC traffic, it's for sure "data pipelines", and the ML, data science, *ops terms listed are speculative based on related terms and searches.

Terms in the content do have a direct impact on the ranking, so that's where working in the keywords is most worthwhile.

Author: > So for the description we should be doing our best to improve clickthrough (looking at terms with most potential). 

An idea for how to improve CTR: Since this is a concept the first sentence of the description is good (definition of a pipeline). For the second sentence (~100 characters), we could use one or two key terms to describe uses for pipelines in DVC. Something like "Use DVC to build a machine learning pipeline or data science workflow."

> Terms in the content do have a direct impact on the ranking, so that's where working in the keywords is most worthwhile.

To further highlight the difference in approach: "workflow" comes up in a few different cases, so to improve rank beyond adding keywords, we might adjust or create an example to describe "building a machine learning (data science) workflow using pipelines in DVC". The better we can answer the query the more likely it will be rewarded. (Keeping in mind that we have to choose which queries are worth the effort.)

Reviewer: Awesome, thanks for the tips!

---
name: 'Data Pipelines'
match: ['data pipeline', 'pipeline', 'pipelines']
tooltip: >-

>   In DVC, a [data pipeline](/doc/user-guide/concepts/data-pipelines) is a series
>   of data processing stages (for example, console commands that take an input
>   and produce an output). A pipeline may produce intermediate data, and has a
>   final result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A [data pipeline](/doc/user-guide/concepts/data-pipelines) is a series of data
  processing stages, chained by their outputs and inputs. They use some initial
  data, may produce intermediate artifacts, and reach a final result.
```

> description: >-

Reviewer: What about SEO titles?

Author: > What about SEO titles?

In our previous discussion we discussed adding the "Concept:" prefix and the decision was to leave it out. That would be the only change I'd make so otherwise the generated titles are OK.

Reviewer: > In our previous discussion we discussed adding the "Concept:" prefix and the decision was to leave it out. 

Yes. But I thought we add `titles` everywhere as a "strong suggestion" to Google on what to use as title, since it tends to decide the title on it's own anyway 😆 — you call.

Author: Our discussions on metadata have mostly been about the `description`, which does need to be specified because otherwise it defaults to the same copy for every URL.

For the `title` though, if we don't add it in frontmatter it's generated from the label in `sidebar.json`. So we are giving Google a "strong suggestion" for the `title` on each doc URL already. 

My thinking was to only add the title in frontmatter if it needs to be different from the navigation label (to add a prefix, for example). Along the lines of "don't repeat yourself" — but I don't have a problem with being explicit about it either. WDYT?

Reviewer: > if we don't add it in frontmatter it's generated from the label in sidebar.json

Ah OK then, I didn't remember that. Thanks
